feat(enriching): run memory enrichment table as a source too (#22466)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/docs/reference/configuration/_index.md

      codec: "json"
```

#### Using memory enrichment table as a source

> Memory enrichment table can also be used as a source, dumping all the data stored in it periodically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The memory enrichment table can serve as a source by periodically exporting its stored data and making it available to downstream components.
```
Suggest to reword this slightly to use "export" instead of "dumped" in this context.

Author: Alright, we could maybe change the setting to `export_interval` too? Would that make more sense?
